README.md, before:

# TOM.quest

Personal website for Tom Heffernan - PhD Student in Artificial Intelligence at WPI.

## About

A minimal and elegant personal website featuring:
- Welcome page
- Bio with education and research interests
- Projects page (placeholder)
- Turing GPU dashboard
- Data labeling tools (placeholder)

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 16 with App Router
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS v4
- Geist font family
- Hosted on Vercel

## Development

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the site.

## Turing GPU Dashboard Setup

The Turing page requires a FastAPI backend running on the Turing HPC login node.

### On Turing

1. If you already copied a non-git `~/tom-quest-api`, move it aside: `mv ~/tom-quest-api ~/tom-quest-api.bak`
2. Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/Heffnt/tom.quest.git ~/tom.quest`
3. Go to the API folder: `cd ~/tom.quest/tom-quest-api`
4. Install dependencies: `uv pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. Create `.env` with `API_KEY=<your-secret-key>`
6. Run the API: `python main.py`

### Updating on Turing

- Pull the latest changes: `cd ~/tom.quest && git pull`
- Restart the API after pulling: `cd ~/tom.quest/tom-quest-api && python main.py`

### Cloudflare Tunnel (connects Vercel to Turing)

```bash
cloudflared tunnel login
cloudflared tunnel create tom-quest-api
cloudflared tunnel route dns tom-quest-api turing-api.tom.quest
cloudflared tunnel run --url http://localhost:8000 tom-quest-api
```

### Vercel Environment Variables

```
TURING_API_URL=https://turing-api.tom.quest
TURING_API_KEY=<your-secret-key>
```

## Design

- Black background (#000) with white text (#fff)
- Smooth fade-in animations
- Fixed navigation bar
- Responsive layout
- Clean typography using Geist Sans and Geist Mono

Commit message:

Update README and API to reflect new Gist setup and Cloudflare quick tunnel integration. Enhance API routes to utilize dynamic URL fetching and improve logging for tunnel URL updates. Add requests library to requirements for Gist updates.

README.md, after:

# TOM.quest

Personal website for Tom Heffernan - PhD Student in Artificial Intelligence at WPI.

## About

A minimal and elegant personal website featuring:
- Welcome page
- Bio with education and research interests
- Projects page (placeholder)
- Turing GPU dashboard
- Data labeling tools (placeholder)

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 16 with App Router
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS v4
- Geist font family
- Hosted on Vercel

## Development

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the site.

## Turing GPU Dashboard Setup

The Turing page requires a FastAPI backend running on the Turing HPC login node.

### On Turing

1. If you already copied a non-git `~/tom-quest-api`, move it aside: `mv ~/tom-quest-api ~/tom-quest-api.bak`
2. Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/Heffnt/tom.quest.git ~/tom.quest`
3. Go to the API folder: `cd ~/tom.quest/tom-quest-api`
4. Install dependencies: `uv pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. Create `.env`:
   ```
   API_KEY=<your-secret-key>
   GITHUB_TOKEN=<github-pat-with-gist-scope>
   GIST_ID=<your-gist-id>
   ```
6. Run the API: `python main.py`

### Updating on Turing

- Pull the latest changes: `cd ~/tom.quest && git pull`
- Restart the API after pulling: `cd ~/tom.quest/tom-quest-api && python main.py`

### Cloudflare Quick Tunnel

The tunnel starts automatically with `python main.py` and updates the Gist with the URL. No manual Vercel updates needed.

### One-time Gist Setup

1. Create a secret Gist at https://gist.github.com with a file named `tunnel_url.txt`
2. Copy the Gist ID from the URL (e.g. `gist.github.com/user/abc123` → `abc123`)
3. Create a GitHub Personal Access Token with `gist` scope
4. Get the raw Gist URL: `https://gist.githubusercontent.com/<user>/<gist-id>/raw/tunnel_url.txt`

### Vercel Environment Variables

```
TURING_URL_GIST=<raw-gist-url>
TURING_API_KEY=<your-secret-key>
```

## Design

- Black background (#000) with white text (#fff)
- Smooth fade-in animations
- Fixed navigation bar
- Responsive layout
- Clean typography using Geist Sans and Geist Mono
